Good morning, family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, I have my sweetheart here with me, and I told her I wanted her to say something at the very beginning. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. Thank you so much. Yeah.
I seem to talk too much when I get on here, and I said, "You need to say some more."So, I'm going to make you say hi. Hi!
She has so much inside of her, and I want her to talk more, but she doesn't like talking in front of the camera as much.
But that's okay. I say what the Holy Spirit tells me to say. I chime in whenever I feel prompted.
Yeah. Well, it's all right. I talk the most, I guess. But I enjoy listening. I enjoy it. I was driving around.
I asked the Lord today when we were driving, and I told the Lord, I said, "Lord, why?
Why is it that I say things, but it seems to be that I give these words and you have me tell the body of Christ what's on the heart of the Father, but it seems like weeks go by and nothing?
We're talking about certain things, and then all of a sudden he'll drop it and say, 'Say that again.'"And he brought it up to me and he said, "How many times did Jeremiah warn the people?"And I said, "Well, that's interesting.
Whenever all the other words that were going forth, there were so many other words and I wasn't in any of it, but then he brought up one man."And folks, I'm telling you, I'm not Jeremiah, but he just brings that to me and shows me in the scripture where he warned the people over and over.
And it seemed like it was redundant. Like, why? When you read the Book of Jeremiah, why did he go over that so many times?
But he said people's attention spans only last a couple of weeks, Brandon, up to a couple of months, and they'll have it fresh on their heart.
Because time goes by and things kind of sizzle down, and then you throw more gas on the flame, and it sizzles up.
People say, "How many times?"I've heard the emails: "Oh, you're really freaking me out,"and everything.
But like Braden said, "Dad, you've said this so many times. This is nothing new.
You've been talking this way, telling people this for over how many years, warning that this is coming.
A shaking's coming."And the Lord keeps warning and preparing the church.
Then he tells us he's given us more time to prepare because of grace.
And he said, "Brandon, I want you to tell my people I'm giving you a window of opportunity for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the righteous, to get your house in order because these great shakings are coming."This has not changed.
And a lot of people get upset when you say "as a whole,"the apple as a whole. I'm not talking about charismatics as a whole.
When the Father is talking about "as a whole,"he's not saying Word of Faith people.
He's not saying the non-denominationals. He's saying the body of Christ: Baptists, Methodists, Catholics.
And I think it's interesting because a lot of times whenever you are talking as a charismatic, everybody thinks he's only talking to the charismatics.
But I didn't realize how many Catholic brothers and sisters I have on this channel, and how many Baptists and everybody.
I mean, I have a lot of different faces on this channel as we continue to grow.
So, I see as the watchman, I believe he's relaying the words to the body of Christ as a whole.
He wants us to repent and come back to him, bringing holiness back into the church.
Not, "Well, we're talking about the Word of Faith people or the seeker-friendlies or whatever."He's talking about everybody needing to get ready because Jesus Christ is coming.
Regardless of what denomination you think I'm talking to, I'm not pointing out any denomination.
I'm pointing out the body as a whole, based on what the Lord has put on my heart.
So I have to clear that up to make sure you all realize that just because I speak in tongues, just because I believe in the fire, doesn't mean that I am speaking directly to the charismatics.
I'm speaking to everyone. So, I hope I make that clear because there are so many people that I think that confuses: "Whoa, is this coming to..."No, folks.
When I'm talking about pastors falling dead like Ananias and Sapphira, it's across all denominational barriers.
I think it's interesting because the charismatics really believe the end times revolve around them because we speak in tongues and we walk in the gifts of the Spirit.
But God said, "I'll pour out my Spirit upon all flesh,"not just charismatics, all flesh.
Anybody who will say yes. He said it's all hands on deck, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
So if you are a person who wants to bring in the harvest and you're out there with the sickle saying, "Hey, bring in the harvest with his net."I mean, Billy Graham was a Baptist, a strong Baptist, but he brought in more souls than anybody in this generation from what I understand.
I mean, seriously, I don't even know what kind of denomination John Wesley was.
I think he was a Methodist. So you look at who God has used; it hasn't just been charismatics.
You have some others, you know, like Azusa Street was charismatic. In this next part of the video, I want to say this.
People say, "Brandon, where is the hurricane coming when you said you saw one hit Florida?"I was vague. I'm praying more over what I was seeing.
But I'll just tell you, because, folks, regardless of the persecution I get, I'm going to get it regardless.
So, I'm just going to tell you, it's Miami. I saw Miami, but it was a little lower than Miami.
It was coming up by the Keys. Right before the Keys start, there's that little sliver of land right there.
You have Miami, a little bit of land, and then it starts to go on that highway to the Florida Keys.
It came right up there and the eyewall hit right through there. It wasn't a huge, 700-mile storm.
It looked like a tight storm, but it was very strong that came on the land.
It had the strongest wind speeds we've ever seen before, ever.
And when it went across, it caused damage all around Florida.
So, I need to make that clear because people were freaking out: "Hey, is it Tampa?
Is it Jackson? Where is it?"No, it was Miami. And when this happened, I saw a lot of human trafficking.
When I was seeing over in the spirit, the Lord showed me and said, "Human trafficking is really bad."And I saw Hispanic men swimming through the streets with their shirts off, with pants like shorts on.
You know how you wear sag pants and you have your boxers pulled up higher on your belly, but your pants are sagging down?
I could see their drawers more than their jeans, and they were sinking down with a belt.
I saw these men swimming around with guns. This is how clear this vision was.
They were swimming around in the water in the flood zone; it looked like Katrina.
And I saw white buildings, and I could see them swimming around, and they were looting and doing things. I'm just telling you the vision I saw.
It was very clear, and I saw great devastation in the Miami area, coming up through that area, with another hurricane like a Katrina event.
That's the only way I can explain it because I've never seen anything like it.
Katrina was back in 2004. That was the most devastating as a young man. I won't say kid, but I was a kid, I guess.
That was probably one of the most devastating hurricanes I've ever seen in history.
When the levee broke and flooded that city and the people were in that dome, it was like something out of a third-world country.
I want to address that and tell you where I saw that. Now the next thing I want to say is about the economy.
When I'm seeing the poverty and the great shaking over the finances, I'm telling you what I see, in my opinion, of what the Lord is showing me.
I'm not trying to cause alarm in people where they're freaking out in fear. I'm trying to tell you to be prayerful about something.
I want you to take this to God in prayer and help me pray over it, because I see in advance what I believe the Lord is warning the body.
If you go back to when I saw Trump in the canoe, paddling as fast as he could in the single-man canoe, paddling and paddling, trying to not go over Niagara Falls—I could see the waterfall was massive, and he was just yards away from going over, but he was sustaining in one place, keeping it afloat as hard as he could, paddling, trying to push, trying to get out of it.
But the current was too strong. You knew that it was just a matter of time before he was going over. And that was part of the vision.
If you go to each one of my visions that the Lord gives us when we're praying, they all have a similarity, like a puzzle piece to it.
It's not like it's springing out of nowhere. "Where is that coming from?
That's like a wild hair."No, it's all strategic, pinpoint things of what the Lord is warning us about, like Trump paddling. What is the next thing? I saw lines of people.
He brought up the housing market again, and people foreclosing because they couldn't afford their homes—big mortgage homes. Remember, I've told you before, I saw the middle class.
They had nice jewelry, nice watches, nice stuff, and they were pawning it off, trying to get rid of it because they needed to make their mortgage payment because they were too top-heavy, with too much debt.
So they were getting rid of their Rolex or their nice boat because they didn't need a boat.
They were just like, "How do I dump this boat as fast as I can?"or "I don't need this extra sports car.
I need a nice family car, and I don't want to have a Ferrari."That is the way I was seeing it.
But because of what was happening in the market, everything was going so cheap, like designer purses and stuff.
They were trying to just dump them when these major events happen.
And that's why I saw the banks seizing all the homes, major banks seizing all the homes, seizing all the car notes.
It became a debt jubilee, kind of like it was when they froze everything during COVID and said, "You don't have to make your student loan payments for a while.
You can still live here, but you don't have to make your student loan payments anymore because we understand everybody is trying to overcome, has been sick, and can't go to work."So there was a time of, I don't know, almost a year or two years for some student loans.
They're just now starting to kick that back in for some folks.
And then for mortgages, sometimes there was like three or four months where people didn't have to make payments during COVID, and they were giving out stimulus checks.
So that's what I was seeing again. Now take what I just told you and go to the fall of 2027.
The Lord told us another plague was coming that would be released by rats.
Everything He's showing, as I'm telling you, is a puzzle piece. What would cause this again? It would be released by rats.
This will not be released by bats in a lab like it was last time with COVID. This is spun off of bats, but it will be released by rats.
I saw those plastic containers, and they were injecting these rats and seeing if they would live for a period of time so they could spread the virus.
But I said it will not only affect humans this time, but there will be a cross-contamination of cattle and your pets. That's what the Lord told us.
So He keeps warning us, but He said this time there will be no vaccination brought up in the media, for it will be like a supervirus connected to AI technology.
I saw it was linked to medicines, like diabetic medicines, heart medicines, and all these other things.
Now, will it make me sick if I take that? No, that's not what I'm trying to say.
I try to communicate as best I can what I'm seeing in the spirit.
What I'm telling you is that they took the genetic code of these certain prescription medicines, and they intermingled the DNA code of this virus through AI technology to create a virus designed to commit genocide on certain individuals on purpose.
Does that make sense? Because, remember, if you go back with me, I saw how top-heavy it was, how much money was being flooded into the healthcare system because it was a drain on the economy.
As you get ready to have the digital dollar reset, it's a new way of doing things because the old way is too top-heavy.
I saw on an article that worldwide debt was 352 trillion dollars.
352 trillion, I believe, is what they said. That is an incredible amount of money. So that was what it was all combined, what I saw.
It's all gearing up for the beast system, the mark of the beast, the One World Order, all the things that the Bible tells us is coming. There will be a time when it goes over the edge.
Now, I believe God told us, "I'm giving you a window for a harvest."A lot of people are still stuck on this, saying that prophet so-and-so said this or prophet so-and-so said that.
I personally don't see the rapture of the church taking place on September 23rd.
What I do see coming is a time of a 24-hour change where everything will change.
What we found out through these articles, what Diana found out—she said, "Brandon, the UN major week, the high-level week, or something like that."It's the one where they make the big decisions.
It starts on the 23rd, which is the beginning of Rosh Hashanah. Exactly.
It's the 23rd through the 24th when they're going to make some—I mess up the word every time, so I let her do it.
I thought you were laughing at how I said it. No, I said it because I was like, "Did I say it wrong?
Say it better."I was going to mess up, and I didn't want to. There's no editing.
Go, you do it. What is it? But here we are, the 23rd and 24th, that whole week. That's not a coincidence.
Then we have the blood moon that will be seen by seven billion people on the 7th of September.
I messed that up, I have to say. It's not 7-Eleven. 7-Eleven is July.
I told her, "I don't know where I got 7-Eleven, but it just came out of me."7-Eleven, like the gas station.
Forgive me, because some of you are asking, "What's about 7-Eleven?"No, it's not 7-Eleven; it's September 7th, which would be 9/7.
Yes, 9/7. Go back to school, Brandon. I'm just saying 9/7 is very important, but we always freak out about 9/11.
That's what I was trying to think in there. So, it's close to it, but that's when the eclipse is.
Okay. So, that's what I was trying to say is 9/7 is the eclipse. But Putin said, "I don't want to meet.
I need more time to prepare and it needs to be at least two weeks away, which would be going into September."And I thought that's interesting.
The eclipse is over Russia, all that area, and he wants to meet around the first part of September.
And I believe the blood moons represent war a lot of times, right?
From what I understand, I need to have Jonathan Cahn come on and talk about all this stuff because he is really educated and that'd be really cool.
Maybe I can get him on sometime and talk to him about the Shemitah cycle, the blood moons, where we are right now in the end times. I think that'd be cool. Maybe he would want to.
But I just think these things are important to go over with you all because of what the Lord's told me about September and he's highlighted it so strong inside of me to pray over the next couple of weeks.
We're only two weeks away, a week and a half away until we start going into September.
And I'm like, "Lord, I know this is not a coincidence."Now, I've seen mixed reactions to Zelensky's report and what was said.
I thought it was interesting that Italy—just like I told you all Italy would come—it happened.
The United Kingdom came, France, and Germany, and I said, "You can't script that."It's exactly what I saw in the vision of who the people would come and start negotiating this thing, and they're the puppet masters manipulating Zelensky, and Zelensky is just a "yes, sir"with the Pinocchio nose and doing all the things that I've seen him doing and lying.
They don't want to de-escalate and not have war. They want to keep this sucker going.
I told you about the money and the money laundering and the things we saw in the spirit two videos ago about the money, the children, and the trafficking of the children.
And even Italy brought up—or whoever that was, that blonde-headed lady said, "Where are all the kids at?"I was like, "Let me tell you where they are.
They're all throughout Europe being trafficked."I saw it in the spirit; it's terrible, it's sickening. And that's what the Lord said: judgment.
I'm telling you folks, you're going to start seeing celebrities doing these acts, these horrendous things to these children, just fall over dead.
And I saw a new venereal disease, a new venereal disease that was coming that would be worse than AIDS or any kind of herpes or anything combined, that would be not just a blood thing, but I'm talking about a terrible groin infection on men and women.
That was something out of... it looked like it was disgusting.
You know, Diana and I, she's going over scriptures and going on with me and just talking about drawing close to the Father.
Not saying that we're anything better. I didn't mean it like, "Well, we don't hang out with certain people."I want to rephrase that.
I was saying it like Kathryn Kuhlman kept herself separate and unto the Lord.
And she said, "I don't have a social life."And there's a lot of times whenever I realize that I complain.
I said, "Lord, I like to do all this stuff."And the Lord said, "No, I'm keeping you set apart right now.
I don't want anybody influencing your mind or what I'm giving you to say."And the more you get around other people, I realize the more God has called us to do and say these words in the end times of warnings.
It's like there's some people that are called to be edifiers and they edify and they uplift.
They tell everybody, "You know, you've got what it takes,"but I'm here to tell you judgment's coming.
And the Lord told me, the first thing he said was, "Brandon, I've called you to say the hard things. I've called Diana to say the hard things.
I'm going to call you to say things that nobody else wants to say, but I want you to say it and be bold about it.
And I want you to say it, and it will prove to be accurate in the days ahead."Just because you don't see it immediately, just like Jeremiah, it didn't happen immediately, and they wanted to kill him.
The Lord said that people are not going to like you for what you say.
And I've seen a lot of that lately. It makes you feel very alone.
And I told D, "Man, but I know I hear my Father's voice and I know what he's warning and telling me to tell the people: to get your life right, to repent, to get out of compromise, to stop having a double-standard life, thinking that you can live and you've gotten away with all this sin and you're getting away with it preaching behind the pulpit, and you're thinking you can look at porn, you think you can drink socially, and you think you can be like the world and there's no difference between you and the world."If you had a lineup and you would say, "Who's guilty here?"and you're going through the court of law, and you say, "Who's the Christian and who's the world?"a lot of you wouldn't know because the way your wife's dressed, the way you dress, the way they carry themselves—there's no holiness.
And that's what the Lord is telling me. He said, "Be ye holy as I am holy. Walk upright before me. You're the bride.
Walk beside me."Because after I gave this strong word, I was driving around the car and he gave us another word and he was talking to us.
He said, "Brandon, it's like a husband that has eyes for another woman.
As he's hugging onto the wife, you're looking over your shoulder looking at another girl. 'Oh, I love you, babe.
I love you.'But you're gazing at somebody else as they're doing whatever."When you're walking right beside him, you don't have any eyes for somebody else.
The world is not attracted to you. You're sold out. It's like me and her.
I don't care—committed, we've been married for a long time, she's been through the good times, the bad times, and the middle times, whatever, but you keep working it out.
That's a good marriage. But I'm saying there is no other woman, period.
You know what I'm saying? And regardless, that's the way it is with the Lord.
He was talking about how our marriage is, but he was talking about how a lot of people have their backup plan, their plan B.
That's what he's saying. There's a lot of plan B's. "Well, if the relationship with the Lord is not too good, it's okay.
I've got a little foot over here at the world and you're floating around with a little bit of the world over here,"but it's not just sold out to that individual.
And that's what he was talking about: being just sold out to him.
You don't have a cheating heart. Your cheating heart will tell on you.
I don't know, but it's important that we are sold out to the Lord in these last days and just say, "God, I'm all in.
Where are you in this end-time army?"and know that he has a plan for your life.
He wants the best for you. He wants to see you whole. He wants to see you healed.
It's like he told me, "Brandon, I want it more than what you do."And I line up with what the word of God says.
And he says, "By his stripes, I'm healed."I'm healed. But I'm not going to expect God's blessing on stuff if I'm in with the world, too.
"Well, you know, I give God a chance every once in a while. He's over here."I just want him to look at me and say, "Diana, we were going over this scripture: wide is the gate.
Wide is the gate and narrow is the path, and few are those that find it.
What does that truly mean?"For wide is the gate and narrow is the path.
Narrow is the way. Where is that? What is that? Have you ever—I mean, really think about those scriptures.
'And few'—He didn't say a bunch or quite a few; He said a few. What's a few? That's like a handful. Few are those that find it.
When He said, 'Depart from me, I never knew you,'those scriptures just really stand out.
And those are the ones we kind of want to bypass because they're kind of uncomfortable, and you really don't know what it is.
It's like, 'I don't know about that scripture,'but those two scriptures kind of go together, and you go, 'Hmm, what is He really saying there?'And that's why I thought, 'I don't want that question in my mind.
All I want to know is that I am all in.'And I want you to know that you're all in today, that you're just sold out to Jesus.
And that's why the Lord told me, 'Bring altar calls every single time.
Bring these altar calls and pray for the people that they have a decision.'Yes, give them an opportunity to make a decision today.
I thought it was interesting also that Trump said, 'I just want to make sure I go to heaven today.'I thought, 'Wow, that's amazing.'The president of the United States—it is on his heart: 'If something happens, I just want to make sure that I make heaven.'There's a stirring in him.
There's a stirring in him as we're praying for his marriage, as we're praying for him to stay away from Jezebel, praying for him to stay away from this girl that will try to seduce him and be the next Marilyn Monroe.
I believe he's watching these videos. I truly do, because we're praying for him, and I know that I was told Eric watches sometimes, and I think that's neat.
If you're watching, Eric, hey, I'm excited you're watching.
We pray for your daddy all the time. We pray for you. We pray for your brothers and sisters.
We pray a covering over your family. God has a plan for you all, and I'm excited you're our first kids.
What do you want to call them, the president's kids? Is that what you call them?
I don't know. That sounds odd, doesn't it? 'Kids.'Is that 'first lady,''first kids'?
I don't know. First, first... it works. That's what we're going to say: they're the first kids.
We're going to pray God puts a hedge around all of them, even the first grandkids. You know, it works. It's serious.
But I believe God's got His hand on all the firsts, and He's got it on the seconds and the thirds.
I know He has a plan for each one of us, but I know that this is not the end of the end.
We're going to see a great harvest of souls, and I'm believing God for a financial harvest for our family.
Big stuff. We're believing for big stuff. When you see all that we have to do, it's going to take a lot to do it.
And I just keep believing that God's got this, and He has not brought us this far to fail.
His hand is not short, and in all this that I keep seeing, He's going to always provide.
Braden brought it up. He said, 'Daddy, do you remember when you saw the people praying around the table?
There was no food in the pots.'And there was a whole bunch of them in this time of prayer.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to supernaturally provide for My people.
There will be no food in the pots.'And they set the table all around, and they'll say grace, and food will come in those pots instantaneously. Where there was no food, He will provide food.
He said, 'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread, regardless of what we see and what's coming in the near future.'I told somebody—I think it was Doc, this guy, his name on the chat was Doc and he was on there while we were watching—'I'm not participating in the economic disaster.
I refuse to participate in it. For God gives seed to the sower and bread.'I believe He will take care of His own as we have.
If you're faithful with tithing, if you're faithful in giving, if you've been faithful with little, He'll make you ruler over much.
And I believe when I saw those people praying over those pots and food came in there, it wasn't just beans.
It was foods like turkey, mashed potatoes, and gravy—and boom, right there.
It was like all of a sudden when they prayed, the glory came into the house, filled those pots up with food, and steam was coming off the food.
I saw the lady in the vision take the lid off this big pot, and there were tons of people in this house, and I saw her take the lid off, and all of a sudden, steam started coming up from this hot food.
Praise God. And there was nothing in there before, and they had set it like they were having a feast, like a Thanksgiving Day feast.
Candles were on there. I could see they were anticipating God to show up and show off in their life.
And God did, because why? Because that's the kind of God we serve.
In the middle of the night, I remember hearing... Was it George Mueller?
No, not George Mueller. But there was another one I remember hearing: it was Oral Roberts.
And Oral Roberts said their papa was out preaching, and there was no food in the house, and the people at the church didn't take care of them very much.
They didn't have any food, and they were really, really hungry. I'm talking really hungry.
And his brother was mouthing off to Oral on the way home, saying, 'God doesn't take care of us,'and just popping off.
He said, 'Shut up, or I'm going to hit you in the head,'basically, because God is going to take care of us.
And so they got all the way home, and he was bickering back and forth, him and his brother, because they didn't have anything to eat.
And all of a sudden, Mama—because Mama said, 'I'm not going to beg for money.
We're not going to do anything'—well, they got invited over to the neighbor's house, and she had all that food set out, remember?
And they saw them eating the food, and Mama said, 'No, we're fine.'And he was thinking, 'No, we're not!
We're starving!'They sat there and watched them because they said, 'Do you want to eat some of this?'and she said, 'No, we're okay.
We're going to be just fine. God's going to take care of us.'So they went home, and what happened? Something hit their door.
Somebody knocked on their door, and when they opened the door, there was all this food—all these groceries.
There was a full turkey, gravy, biscuits—and it was at night.
It was at night, and he said Mom went in there, and they were so hungry she made a big feast.
She goes, 'Oral, go get the flour.'She got a big sack of flour, she got the eggs, and she said, 'Oral, go get the stuff out there.
I'm going to make something to eat.'So they made it at night.
They had a huge feast of biscuits and gravy, and they went to bed.
And he told his little brother, 'I told you God would provide for us.
I told you God would provide for us.'And every time I hear that, I say, 'He'll do it again and again.
He'll do it again and again if you believe Him.'I'm a believing believer. I'm not a doubter.
And I tell you these stories of what God is doing to inspire you to believe for your family in the days ahead, to say, 'Hey, I'm not going to participate in this.'I know what the Lord has told me is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
And it will be times like we've never seen before because back then in the 1930s, people at least knew how to grow a garden.
Now they don't even know how to grow some flowers, let alone a garden. It's serious.
And so that's what the Lord was showing me: people don't even know how to hunt. What would you do if you shot an animal?
They don't know how to even gut an animal, field dress it, and get it cleaned up.
They wouldn't know what to do. That's what I'm saying. There's a lot of people who are not educated.
They know a lot about computers, but they don't know about how to live.
They know how to go down to McDonald's and tell them, 'I want a Happy Meal,'but they don't know how to do this.
And I've seen very challenging days in the near future when this plague comes and these times come. There are hard times I've seen coming. Now, can we pray?
People say that's the main thing: 'Can we pray this away?'I know that God can lessen anything, but there are parts of it...
we don't want to go through hard times because we want to pass it on to the next person. But what will shake the world to bring in the harvest?
That's why I said that whenever Jesus was getting ready to die on the cross, he said, 'Not my will, but yours be done.'It's not always comfortable for my flesh to go through something sometimes.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
He didn't say you wouldn't walk through the valley. Sometimes you walk through the valley, but we don't have to fear it.
Sometimes we go through, you know, 'A thousand shall fall at our side, ten thousand at our right hand.'That means there are people dying around you.
Regardless if a thousand fell around you or ten thousand at your right hand, something's going on for that to be happening.
That means something was happening. Do you understand? Ten thousand, am I right?
Ten thousand. I mean, seriously, that's a lot of folks. That's 11,000 people. That's a bad day. But it won't come nigh me.
'Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.'Father, I thank you, Lord, for Psalm 91.
But even in the midst of Psalm 91, and us quoting that and believing that, there's a lot of stuff going on around us as we're saying that.
It's saying that we're still protected, but man, there's still something going on.
And people need to understand trying times come, but we stand by our covenant rights and we say, 'Fill the pot up, Lord.
Fill the pot up, Lord. I don't want beans, Lord. I thank you, Lord. Whatever you provide for me, Lord, I'm grateful for.
But Lord, my faith's out there for some chicken noodles.'I mean, I don't know.
I just want you to learn how to believe God where you are right now.
Believe God for where you are right now and exercise your faith right now for something.
Use your faith for something small and believe God for it. For when hard, trying times come, you won't faint. This won't take you over.
You practice now because you practice while times are good and there's plenty, so that you don't freak out when things are a little shaky and you go, 'Oh, no.
No.'There's no 'Oh, no.'We're good. God is good in the good times and God is good in the bad times.
God is good on the mountain and he's good in the valley. God is faithful.
He is able and he will do what he promised us he would do if we believe him for it.
But you need to learn how to believe him now in the good times instead of saying we're going to wait until when the times are bad.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all. You need to put your boat into motion now.
If you can't believe him for a dollar now, what makes you think you're going to be able to believe him for $100 later?
You must start somewhere. Believe God and write your list down and tithe and give and show God that you're serious about him and be all in. Don't say, 'Well, when times get bad, Lord, here I am.
You know, I just want to let you know, Lord, I'm on your side.'Whenever you see everybody dying around you, I'm all in before the storm comes.
I'm not a fair-weather Christian. When times are good, I'm out partying.
But when times are bad, a thousand fall at my side, ten thousand at my right hand, 'We better pray and take communion, honey.'Seriously, I'm not that way with God.
I told God, 'I want you to know, man, you search me and know me. You know my heart. I'm not rotten at the core.
I may have a bad day, but I don't stay in that bad day.'I don't stay in the bad day.
I choose to follow Jesus in good and in bad, on the mountain or in the valley.
Do you understand? God's still God, and he's God on the mountain and he's God in the valley. I love that song.
But I just want you to know, when I see all these things, I'm just trying to be obedient to what the Lord has told me to say.
And I know it's not always popular, but I appreciate you all listening because it's for your own good.
But that's what I try to tell Dino. What is it going to take to get the revival? Where are we at with it?
Praying into it and asking God to do something supernatural in these last days.
But when I see all the things I see and they all go together in some way, I just have an urgency in this window not to take it for granted.
You don't squander the time. I want you to be serious about the times ahead. And people are like, 'Well, how many, Brandon?
Is that the tribulation you're seeing?'No, it's not the tribulation I'm seeing.
This is right before the tribulation. This is the beginning of sorrows, the great birthing pains.
This is 'as the days of Noah, so will it be.'This is where we are and headed.
And a lot of people do not realize how much we will see before the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I believe you. That's why I try to tell people, you have no idea how bad tribulation is truly going to be. It's going to be literal hell on earth.
When I went to tribulation with the Lord on July 6th of 2014, it was something that shook me for the rest of my life.
I had glimpses of it. And I walked with Jesus through tribulation.
And I can tell you, folks, that visitation that I had with the Lord forever changed me.
I can't get it out of my memory. It was as real as me touching my wife right now.
And I'm telling you, no one knows how bad it truly is going to be in the tribulation. You go, 'Well, you know, no, no, no.
If the days weren't shortened, no man would survive it.'He's going to have to shorten the time.
I don't know what that means, but I'm telling you this: what I saw for the little glimpse that I saw of the Christians that were left here because they thought they were living right and they had compromised in their heart and they did not—they weren't sold out—and they were the virgins where five had their lamps full and five didn't.
Half the Christians will be left and half will be taken. I'm telling you, I saw it.
I was here. I watched them and they were scurrying around like a bunch of rats on a ship. It was terrible.
How many people thought they were qualified and were ready for the rapture of the church, and they thought, 'Man, I'm just out here living a party life, but I'm saved.
I love the Lord.'But they had one foot in the world and one foot with Jesus. And I saw how many people were left.
There were literally tens of thousands in just one area where I was at, and they were screaming and cussing and acting out because they were left and they knew what had happened and they weren't taken and they were mad and they were flipping the Lord off.
They were doing all kinds of stuff. And that shows you where their heart was right there. They weren't falling on their knees and repenting.
They were acting in anger and they saw their pastors that didn't preach the truth and they were ready to hang them.
Kill them right there. I saw them. There was no Holy Ghost. The presence of the Lord, the prayer covering that the church had brought was gone.
For the first time ever, you don't realize the prayer covering the church, the body of Christ, brings.
The great restrainer—us, the church, the ones that are radical and on fire—were taken out of here.
And for the first time ever, that prayer covering that was over the world that we bring every day when we do these videos and you pray in your own time, you bring a peace over the earth by your prayers.
The prayers of the righteous availeth much. Remember this.
Remember what I'm trying to tell you, because you still have a window of opportunity to get your heart right.
I remember, and I was there, and each year the Lord took me into the years of tribulation of how bad it truly gets.
And the further tribulation, the seven years—the first three and a half years was not that bad.
It was terrible compared to where we are right now, but the last was unbearable. I'm talking bugs. There it was. It was awful.
It looked like your worst movie you could ever think of, some kind of sci-fi, and it was like something out of that with hailstones falling out of the sky.
It was awful. Do you understand? We're talking about... There was no moral law except what the Antichrist brought in to make people fear him and worship him.
Everybody was acting crazy. And then when they got the chip, it made them calm. It brought a sense of peace over their minds.
All of a sudden that chip comes, and they inject that chip inside of you in your forehead or your hand, and all of a sudden they go and they're like stone cold. They lose everything. I'll never forget it.
But the people who were acting nuts, trying to pillage and stuff, the more they forced them with the drones flying in—they had drones everywhere and they watched and they let them have a chance.
You take the mark, or get your head cut off. And they went and they just did it right there like a guillotine.
And I saw it, and more people did not want to take that chip. When you took it, it made you a zombie.
But the rioting and all the looting stopped because they had a chip in their hand and they had a chip in their forehead, and they became like a zombie, and all the looting and all the rioting and the murdering and all the craziness stopped.
It did. He brought a sense of peace through a falseness through who he was, the Antichrist, over the earth.
And he ruled from that place. And I watched it and everybody was like obeying little robots.
But there were groups of people, pockets of people that were resistant.
But they couldn't resist because the guns they had were like little things that just knocked them out cold.
It wasn't like what you think. The drones told everything you did. There were drones always.
The sky sounded like it was buzzing around, and everything was always alive in the sky by the thousands of drones—tens of thousands.
And they're always flying. And people think, 'Well, we'll just get away from that.'Nobody is going to hide from what I saw coming.
It's not like the movies they try to make of it. No, they dug in the side of hills, in the side of the Ozarks, and in the mountains trying to hide.
But the winters were so bad because the weather was so bad, with things happening with the weather, you couldn't eat.
They starved to death in the side of these mountains. They starved to death.
There was no water. The water was polluted. There was no way to get clean water.
It was wormwood. Remember, think about what the Bible talks about wormwood.
The water was bad. You couldn't drink the water; the water was making people sick.
So you couldn't drink purified water; there was no way to get purifying tablets.
And if you had a fire, the drones would see it and they would find you, and then they would send the authorities there and you were dead anyway.
So if you don't serve Jesus now with all your heart, you're not going to serve him in the end times.
All these people say, 'Well, I don't believe in the rapture.'You better.
You better. That's all I've got to say. You better. All these people saying, 'Well, we're going to live.
We're going to be just fine. Christians are going to...'No, they're going to die. They're going to die.
Not that death is a bad thing, but I'm telling you this: I don't want nobody cutting my head off.
And I don't want nobody cutting my kids'heads off. I mean, seriously, that's why I said people have no comprehension of what's about to happen.
And that's just part, that's just a little bitty bit of it there.
It's literal hell on earth with weather events and earthquakes and volcanoes and you name it—wars, pestilence, viruses, no medical care, hiding in the woods trying to keep your life.
And that's the way it was. It was awful. Like I said, I'll never forget it.
And that's why I'm so vocal and so bold about what I tell you. That's why I believe the Lord showed me this.
My first major event I've had with the Father. Diana said, 'You know what's interesting?
Your first major event you ever had with him was something about the end times.'And we're still talking about it all these days later.
It's going on years—10 years, 11 years—warning people to get right with Jesus.
And that's my whole mission, I feel like, is to pray about the end times. And I'm not an end-time teacher.
I don't know the Bible like the scholars like Perry Stone and them, or Jonathan Cahn or whatever.
Those people are real educated. I barely have a high school education.
And whenever people say, 'Well, I'll never get the mark, and I'll just get my head chopped off,'I don't think they realize because we're used to having the Holy Ghost. And whenever you approach...
there's been times like when I've given birth, one time I felt I was losing a lot of blood and I approached death and I almost died, and there is a peace that comes from the Holy Ghost.
And I cannot even imagine approaching death without that peace that the Holy Ghost brings.
So it's easy to say it now, but I cannot imagine putting my life out there without that peace.
I don't want to live one second without the Holy Ghost. Just like Kathryn Kuhlman always says, 'I don't want to live one second without Him.'Yes.
People have no idea. And when you don't feel that blessed assurance—you know, 'Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine'—when that's not there, it is a void.
That peace that passes understanding is gone. I saw how they acted, and it was unlike any atmosphere you could ever...
I felt it. I was allowed to feel what they felt. The Lord allowed me to feel it.
And it's void of Him. It's void of the presence of God in the tribulation. There's nothing in people.
Well, 'There's a great revival that's going to take place.'I did not see a great revival.
I saw people mad and fleeing as much as they could. And they were like furious because they were still here.
I don't know about you, I'm just telling y'all what I saw and what I felt.
And I'm telling you, people say, 'Well, this is what the scripture says.'I'm not arguing scripture with you.
There are people who believe in the tribulation, there are people who don't.
I'm one that doesn't. I don't believe we're appointed unto wrath.
I saw the body of Christ—the ones that were right, they shot up like rockets.
They're gone. In a moment, a twinkling of an eye, we were all changed.
It was that fast, so much so that it created a thunderous lightning sound when it happened. And everybody heard it.
It sounded like a sonic boom, and lightning bolts were going, and the sky was alive, and it was all lightning.
I remember seeing it. It was amazing. But all the kids from fifteen and younger were all gone.
And those mothers—I'll never forget all those mothers—'Where's my baby?'And they were freaking out trying to find their kids because they were all gone.
They all got sucked up in the rapture. They weren't appointed unto wrath.
And the moms were freaking out trying to find their newborns.
And that's why the Bible says, 'Woe to them who have babies,'because if they had a baby during the tribulation, it was awful because those kids suffered greatly.
But if they were born before the tribulation, they were taken, and they were in the rapture.
And I watched the mothers searching around, and it was all on—you know how you have missing pictures of everybody.
Those missing things were on the TV, with people trying to find missing children. I'm remembering more right now.
And I'm telling you, there are things I forgot, but I just saw it—the missing faces on the pictures like they used to put on the milk cartons in the old days.
I don't know why that just flashed back at me. You know, there are little pieces that I'll forget, and then whenever I go, I'll remember it and it comes back just like that.
It happens. It was that traumatic. I remember things, and it comes back to me about going through Guthrie and seeing those people.
It's absolutely—you've never experienced fear like this.
No one has the fear of feeling alone. Altar Call & Urgent Call to Salvation.
The Holy Spirit brings peace, and you don't even realize it.
Even as an unbeliever, people don't realize the peace that Jesus brings.
Even if you don't have Him, you still have peace. But when this is gone and the church is gone, my God, have mercy.
Even law enforcement, everybody acts different. The animals act different.
Everything acts different. We've never seen a time like what's about to happen.
But we're just seeing the birthing pains of when the ark door completely closes.
Woe unto you who have not listened. You want to be shaken before so you don't get left in the tribulation. That's the ultimate worst. And we're almost there.
And I think it's interesting because nobody in the body of Christ wants to go through these times—not for you, but for the unbeliever to be shaken out of their slumber.
Because you don't want any of your brothers and sisters, any of our friends, to go to hell. They don't know what's coming.
And the only way you get these people's attention in the world, to get them to come to something, is when you take something away from them that was precious to them, and they go, 'You've got my attention now.'He that has ears to hear what the Spirit is saying, let him hear. Period. And there will always be people who do not hear it.
But there are some who are just right there, that when this stuff starts happening, they're going, 'I remember this, and I've got to get my heart right.'And that's the one He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after, the one, like He told us, the ones that are just on the verge of making a decision.
Well, that's what we're about to see. But I hear so many people freak out, 'Brandon, I don't want to go through all this.'Neither do I.
But if you're hearing Him and listening to Him on what you're supposed to be doing, it will not be bad for you. Why make it from paycheck to paycheck?
I told you, even if you have no pot of food, if you believe God—you know how to believe God for whatever it is—God said He'll provide for you.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. It's shaking to awaken people.
'Well, I believe it's just right. Revival's coming.'Well, I pray you're right.
But right now, from what I see, the church is not ready for that. They're asleep.
Even for the ones that I'm around, there's urgency in them, but there's not an urgency—urgency.
'Jesus is coming and you're running out of time.''Well, I've heard that before.'I'm trying to tell you again.
And that's with our charismatic friends, people. There's urgency.
They know Jesus is coming. But my goodness, there are thousands of people who don't.
Millions. So, I want you to really do a gut search, a heart search today.
Just search yourself right now and say, 'Do I know Jesus? Is there compromise in my life?
If He comes back today, if He comes back on the 23rd, am I right with Him?'Does He know me?
I may know a lot about Him because I've been in and out of church over and over again all my life, but I've lived a compromising life.
I don't know if He truly knows me, but today's my day. I can make that right.
Today's your day that you can make it right and know beyond a shadow of a doubt that Jesus Christ knows me, and that I know Him, and we're good.
If Jesus came back today, we're good because today I want to sell out to Jesus; today I want to get born again. You may be watching this and you don't even know Jesus.
You don't know anything about Christianity, but you're just here and you turned it on because you saw I was talking about the economy before, and you're just freaked out about that because you don't want to go broke or whatever.
I'm not a financial adviser; I'll say it a thousand times over.
I'm a voice of one crying in the wilderness, telling you that Jesus Christ is coming.
That's where I'm at, and that's why I'm here—not to tell anybody about anything financially, but to tell you that I'm one in the wilderness telling you on top of the hill: you need to repent. Jesus Christ is coming, and you're running out of time.
I want you today to put down in the comment section below and tell us, 'Brandon, what you just said to me shook me, and I don't want to go through any of that, and I need to be saved.'Write right now in the comment section, 'I need to be saved.
I want to be born again. I want to give my heart to Jesus Christ.'As I watch this video today, I have made a decision in my life that I need a Savior.
I need Jesus. The Bible says it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
The Bible also says that with the heart confession is made unto salvation. I believe today is your day to come home.
If you're backsliding, if you're living for the world and you watched this video and it shook you, and you know inside you have that itching inside of you, today is the day that you need to come home.
Don't put it off for another day. Don't say, 'Well, I might do it later on.'No, no.
Today is the day. It says in the Bible that no man comes unto the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
And if you feel that drawing, that's the Holy Spirit right now speaking to you.
You need to get your heart right. Jesus died for you publicly.
So I want you to make a public declaration unto Him saying, 'I want to be saved.'Comment right now in the comment section below.
Say it: 'I want to be saved today.'Don't put off for tomorrow what you need to be doing right now, because you may not have tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on right now to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
Don't make the mistake of not being sure that you're saved today.
Now, I'm going to say this prayer, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me, and I want you to mean it with your whole heart.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation. With the heart, you just got to say it with your heart.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God. I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I am a sinner.'And I ask you to forgive me of my sins. I ask you to forgive me of all the things I've done in the past.
I've messed up big. I've done all this. You just confess your sins.
He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
That's what he says. So you confess it. I've done this. I've messed up, Lord.
You know all the things I've done. I have a sheet that stands a mile long.
But as of today, Lord, I ask you to forgive me of my sins. Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of life. From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on my sin. I turn my back on my past. And I say, Jesus, I'll serve you from this day forward with all I have.
I'm sold out. Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me. Thank you, Lord, that you've washed me in your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that my sin is no longer a burden to me. It's in my past.
It's under your blood. I thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of my sins.
I choose to follow you all the rest of my days. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you for saving me. Thank you, Lord, for writing my name in that book. I love you, Jesus. Amen. And amen.
Now, I believe as you said that prayer today, it wasn't all religious, was it? I don't believe in religion. I believe in relationship.
I believe in a Jesus that's real, not any kind of denominational, hermeneutical theological debate about anything. I just believe in Jesus and I believe that the Bible's true.
And what he said was, if I just confess my sins, he is faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Period. That's it. It's over right now. What do you got to do?
You find a Bible. You read your Bible every day. Find a Bible that is easy to understand. Don't get all religious about that, too. Find something.
If you can understand it, then read it and get it down inside of you because this beautiful book, the Bible, will change you from the inside out.
I don't worry about all that other stuff. I just find scripture that pertains to what you're believing God for, what you're going through, and just read it.
Start, I'd say, start with everything that's written in red.
Look what Jesus said and read all the red. You say, 'What?'That's my favorite part.
It's my friend what he's saying. Read the red. Now, pray every day.
Find a good non-denominational church is what I would go to and tell the pastor there, 'I just got born again on the internet and I need to get water baptized.
Help me to get water baptized.'Get water baptized. Get plugged into that church.
Go there on Sunday, Wednesday, whatever they have, and just go there and get plugged in.
Learn the new Christian walk that you just made a decision to do.
Follow him all the rest of your life. Pray. I'm not saying it's always going to be easy.
Sometimes you might fall down and scrape your knee, but that's when you just stand up and you run back to Jesus.
When you confess your sins is not when Jesus found out about it.
That's when you got rid of it. He wasn't shocked and said, 'You know what? I knew they were going to mess up.
I don't want to have nothing to do with him.'No, he's always an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there for you. He's a friend that's closer than a brother.
He's always there for you and he loves you. He has a plan for your life.
I'm excited you came today. I'm excited you gave your heart to Jesus Christ today.
That's what this channel is about, is to lead all those that are not saved back to Jesus, to lead them to Jesus before it's too late, to tell you that he has a plan for your life and he loves you.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible and you're here and you say, 'Brandon, I can't even afford a Bible.
I don't have any money to buy a Bible. I've just said this prayer and you're telling me all this stuff.
This is overwhelming to me. I've got to find a Bible.'I'll buy you a Bible. Diana wants to buy you a Bible.
This is our way of saying congratulations on your new life, this new life, this new decision to serve Jesus Christ today. We want to buy you a Bible.
So if you just go on down into the description, you'll find our email address and then in the subject line just put, 'I can't afford a Bible,'and then put your full address on there and we will send you one through Amazon.
If you have a preference and you know which one you can understand better, normally we just send out New King James Version, but if you do have a preference on what you understand, we can send you an Amplified, a New Living Translation, an NIV, and then we have, of course, the New King James and the King James Version.
Yeah, so just mention that if it's important to you. It's exciting. I'm so glad you came today.
I feel there was a lot of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ today. I could feel the pull.
So, we rejoice with you as you have a new start, a brand new clean start.
It's exciting, such a great day, a day of rejoicing. The angels are rejoicing too in heaven. So, please make a comment down below.
Say, 'I got saved today,'or, 'Gave my heart to Jesus,''I came back to Jesus,'so that we can rejoice with you.
Make it bold. Say it in capitals. So, God bless you all today. Thank you.
Well, if you are new here and you've never subscribed to our channel, please subscribe.
We really appreciate the subscribers. You're helping us to get the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
Literally, people are coming in all over the place. I think we're up to 560,000 subscribers on this channel right now, all for the glory of God.
We have a big prayer-based people here. But I felt this video today, we were going to just calm some nerves down, but I think today I was just more real about what's coming.
The Holy Ghost pulled you in a different direction, wanting to just warn you. I'm not here to scare you; I'm here to prepare you.
There is a storm, but we do it out of love because of what the Father's telling us.
And we're not going to have the blood... If a watchman doesn't warn you what's coming, then their blood is on his hands.
But if I warn you, the blood is not on my hands anymore because I spoke what the Father told me to say.
I warned you. You heard it now, so you're accountable for it, not me.
But we love you and we're so thankful that you would come and listen to us on a day-to-day basis.
I just have such an urgency as we go into September. Such an urgency to pray, an urgency.
Something major is about to take place, folks. Something major. I feel like we're on the edge of it.
And I don't know how much longer we'll have the First Amendment to be able to talk about things all the time free.
I don't know how long that will last, where not just America can broadcast it, but how long can my foreign channels receive it?
How long? I don't know how long is the window for Japan, for South Korea, for China, for some of these channels that I talk to.
So that's why I have such an urgency to say what I say and be so precise to warn you of what's coming because I believe there's only a little bit of a window left before they start to shut down freedom of speech from America to all these other nations.
I don't know. I pray we have a longer window. I pray we do. But what if we don't?
I just want to make sure that you know that Jesus Christ loves you. So, thank you for joining us every single time we do these.
I know next time we're going to do our prayer video, but I just wanted to make sure I really said what I felt about the 13 stuff today.
So, God bless you all. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.